Project general description:

It consists of a collection of games of chance such as Rock, Paper or Scissors, dice, bingo and pirinola made with Javascript vanilla and using the DOM API, HTML5 and CSS, in order to create a fun personal project in which I can apply my programming skills.

Rules of the dice game of chance:
 *Purpose: Get all 12 cards availables befere the PC.
Click on the dice, when the number of dots on each die appear, you have a few options such as: add the two numbers of each die subtract them, multiply them or to choose simply just one of the number of one die, depending on the choice you made of the above
click on one of the 12 cards available,and so on until all cards are completed before the opposing player in this case is the PC.
win will also depend on the strategy you take to get all the cards before the PC.

Example:
Clicking the dice gives you 3 dots on one die and 2 dots on the other die,you have the following options:
a) Multiply 3 and 2, choose the card with the number 6
b) Add 3 and 2, choose the card with the number 5
c) Subtract 3 and 2,choose the card with the number 1
d) Choose 3
e) Choose 2

Choose the choice that is convenient for you to complete the 12 cards before the PC.

Project status:

This project is under development, the most recent update consists of the layout of a game of chance with dice where CSS and html were used, also a portion of javascript code.

Javascript script:

It is a preliminary script in which three random numbers are tested,the first is the random number (number1) of dots of one die and another random number (number2) of the other die and the third random number (userValue) is a user test number generated by the pc.
the script verifies that (Random test number less than twelve) within the categories shown in the rules of the game such as adding,subtract, multiply or simply choose the number,and if it is in the category shows it by console, this script will be adapted in the next update in the current layout
using the DOM api.

Technologies utilized: CSS,HTML5, Javascript vanilla.

Diana Laura 

